aaa          aaa
(a|b)        aaaab
a*           dsdflkjl
a*b*         aaabbbbb
a*b*         hkjdsbaaa
(a|b)*       ababbbba
(a|b)*       aabababdaa
(ab)*        abababab
(ab)*        abababa
a*ab(ab)*    aaaab
a*b*c*       aaaccccc
aa*b*c*      abababa
a*b*(c|d)*   aaabcddcdcd
a*b*(c|d)*e  aaabcddcdcd
(abcd)*      abcdabcd





aaa          aaa
(a|b)        aaaab
aa*          dsdflkjl
ada*b*       aaabbbbb
a*cb*        hkjdsbaaa
(aa|b)*      ababbbba
(a|b)*       aabababdaa
(ab|cd)*cd   abababab
(ab)*c       abababa
a*ab(ab)*c   aaaabc
a*b*c*d      aaaccccc
aa*b*c*d     abababad
a*b*(c|d)    aaabcddcdcd
a*b*(c|d)*e  aaabcddcdcd
(abcd)*cd    abcdabcd
